hey everyone this is Jenny streamy and
i'm bringing you guys some holiday hair
today so i created a really nice faux
bob feel for you guys it's perfect for
those women that have really long hair
that want to see it with your hair will
look like in a bob so it's super simple
let's go and get started alright so i'm
going to section my hair out in three
sections and today my hair is curled
exactly how i curled my hair from my
glamour holiday hair so feel free to
check that out so now i'm going to go
ahead and take my three sections taking
a rat tail comb alright so now for the
section my hair from my occipital bone
to the middle my ear
I work this section first but I got to
put the rest back so now I'm going to go
from my crown to my high recession of my
hair and create a nice triangle section
then we clip this middle section away
for later and then work my very first
section
drop this down and then just fly and a
simple ponytail
so now i'm just going to brave the
ponytail and i'm creating the base store
hairstyle so basically i'm going to
braid this create a nice bun because
that's going to give us up some base
where we need to pin the rest of our
hair into to create that really nice
phone Bob feel and my hair is very very
fine so I can have a little micro bun
but it's still going to give us a nice
base if your hair is thick and you have
a large brain that's okay too so now
taking bobby pins just create a nice fun
now release your second section now with
this hair since my hair's fine I'm just
going to add a little bit of teasing to
it just to get a little bit of forward
feel so I'm just going to go through
underneath and just do a little bit of
TV okay now we can go ahead and secure a
really low loose ponytail I'm just going
to braid the rest of the hair that
and blend out and the brain doesn't have
to be perfect you just need something
that your your whole lot to bobby pins
okay now I'm gonna pull the hair out
just a little bit
creating a bob length that I want now
I'm going to take our braid tuck it
under and connect it into our braid bun
in the back and i'm just going to do
that by security okay now we can go
ahead and release our top section and
the reason why i like to do in the free
section is because a lot of people that
create that faux bob feel they have no
movement to it so if you have layers
anyone movement lift or the third
section but it helps to give it that
because then when you release this hair
it kind of flows over the top nicely and
gives it more movement so now i'm just
going to go ahead and detail it out to
my liking and that's about it alright so
there you guys have a really easy way to
get a fabulous holiday faux bob
hairstyle this season so for more hair
tutorials and tips every week don't
forget to subscribe to my channel but
free to check out my blog the
confessions of a hair stylist calm